Dear Parent/Children,
Greetings from FIITJEE Global School !

FIITJEE Global School has been running an innovative talent Hunt contest named ALLROUNDERS for the past ten months. We have seen awesome participation from talented students all over the country. We routinely reward the best submissions with attractive prizes and goodies. We are happy to announce ALLROUNDERS Live Rewards program on Facebook on the occasion of Independence Day.

Allrounders Independence Day Talent Mania Live on Facebook process & Rules:

Parents are requested to record a 2-3-minute, video of their child performing a talent showcasing activity or click a photo of the child’s work and post it on FIITJEE Global School’s Facebook page. The winning entries stand to win exciting cash prizes. The contest is open for all kids in the age group of 2 to 15 years and has multiple talent categories of participation like - dancing, singing, painting, essay writing, speech etc.
On 15th August 2020 (Independence Day), the Allrounders Independence Day Talent Mania Rewards would be judged on Facebook live in live a webinar session of 60 minutes.
Timings are: 5 PM AM to 6 PM. The Live webinar starts at 5PM on the 15 of August 2020 on the FIITJEE Global School Facebook page - https://www.facebook.com/fiitjeeglobalschools
The contest is open for all kids in the age group of 2 to 15 years. There are separate age-groups in which the children shall compete:
2 years to 5 years (From & Up to)
5 years to 8 years (Above & Up to)
8 years to 11 years (Above & Up to)
11 years to 15 years (Above & Up to)
Participants would see the broadcast from a live webmaster and view the ceremony.
The themes for ALLROUNDERS Independence Day Talent Mania are:
Indian Independence (Patriotic Songs, I-day theme dances, Essays, Speeches from freedom fighters etc.)
Independence from COVID-19 (Combat COVID Songs, COVID theme dances, Essays, Speeches from motivational speakers etc.)
The participation window is from today to 14th August 2020 midnight. No extensions shall be allowed.
The winners shall be selected by jury and rewarded Live on 15th of August 2020 at a dazzling webinar on Facebook between 5PM to 6 PM.
The webmaster would give live commentary during the session.
Rewards for Independence Day Talent Mania Live on Facebook:
Each winner will receive cash prizes of Rs 1000/-.
Top three entries in each age-group will receive cash prizes of Rs 1000/- each.
Total prize money is Rs 12000/-
Rewards would be in the form of Cash Credits.
Participants can use their own or their parents (Father’s/mother’s) Facebook Account to participate in Independence Day Talent Mania Live. No other relative’s or friend’s account shall be entertained.
Allrounders Registration rules are modified for Independence Day Talent Mania.
Registration can be done before, during and even after submission of post.
Those who win prizes, must have or get their registration number for claiming the prize money.
For registration one has to follow the old registration process to enrol themselves, if they had not enrolled previously. (Please visit Allrounders link https://fiitjeeglobalschool.com/allrounders for the detailed rules of the contest.)
If they are already registered, then they need to submit the Proof of Identification (POI) & Proof Of Address (POA) documents as mentioned in the Allrounders Terms & conditions.
School ID & Aadhar are mandatory.
In case, overage participants win, they shall be disqualified basis documentation check.
At the start of the webinar we will ask New users to register by sending SMS to get their Registration Number.
Hurry and register your ward today!


With Best wishes,
Team - FIITJEE Global School
Campuses:

Chennai-New Vision Township, (Near Vandalur Zoo) Chennai (Vengambakkam) Vengambakkam Village, Tambaram Taluk, Kancheepuram Dt, Tamilnadu, Pin Code - 600048

Vellore - Sameera Garden City (Opp. Kingston Engineering College,Mettukulam) Vandrathangal Village, Katpadi Taluk, Vellore Dt, Tamilnadu, Pin Code - 632059

Email: info@fiitjeeglobalschool.com

Help Line Number: 81 4434 4434

Website: www.fiitjeeglobalschool.com